orgLib.com Privacy Policy

Last updated: January 24, 2015

orgLib ("us" or "we" or "our Website" ) provides its services to you subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

Privacy Policy Table of Contents:
Acknowledgment and acceptance of terms
Our Commitment to Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
How We Use Content
Our Commitment to Student Data Privacy Guidance Issued by The U.S. Department of Education
Our Commitment to The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Our Commitment to Student's privacy
Our Commitment to Data Security
How to Access or Correct Your Information
How to Contact Us
Policy Changes
At orglib, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. orgLib is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website. By accessing orgLib.com, you acknowledge and fully understand orgLibs Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in our Website Privacy Statement. 

Our Privacy Policy describes what information we gather from our users and others who visit and use our Website, how we use that information, and what we do to protect it. Your use of our Website and any information you provide on our Website are subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into and subject to our Terms of Service. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Statement and any updates.
Our Commitment to Privacy
Privacy Policy for www.orglib.com 

If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at privacy@orglib.com. 

At orglib, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.orglib.com and how it is used. 

Log Files
Like many other Web sites, when you visit our Website, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:
Your Internet protocol address.
The kind of browser or computer you use.
Number of links you click within the site.
State or country from which you accessed the site.
Date and time of your visit.
Name of your Internet service provider.
Web page you linked to our site from.
Pages you viewed on the site.
Cookies and Web Beacons 
orglib.com does not use cookies. 
orgLib is advertising-free 
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
The Information We Collect
1- Optionally valid teacher's e-mail.
2- Optionally teacher's password. 
3- This data will be saved by us in our databases.
How We Use Personal Information

We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary including:
To fulfill your service requests for services.
To protect ourselves from liability,
To respond to legal process or comply with law, or
In connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of the company.
We do not share user information with outside parties. The personal information teacher provides is only disclosed to the teacher. We use teacher e-mail addresses to enable communication with teachers to complete registration and verification of the teacher. Such email addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. We would not disclose any email address that could be used to identify teachers.
How We Use Content

Only comments are allowed to be added by any user without the need to log in and be a member of the service. Comments are private and are NOT visible to the public. Optionally, we request in the comment form the teacher's name and email address to enable communication with teachers if they expect a response from us, and explicictly we request from students in all comment forms NOT to provide their names and emails, see Preview Question Form

Our Commitment to Student Data Privacy Guidance Issued by The U.S. Department of Education

We made good faith effort to follow the best practices for student privacy and security concerns issued by the guidelines. We do NOT give student names, contact information, education performance records, and other FERPA protected information to third-party contractors because we do NOT collect them and we do NOT share any information with any third party. Additionally, we do NOt collect transactional data, or metadata, that include information such as how long a student took to complete an online test; the number of attempts; and how long the student's mouse hovered over an item. What we collect as transactional data is: a question is answered correctly or not, test score, and date and time of when the test was consumed. 

Teachers that want to use our solution in the classroom should consult with their district officials to evaluate if the solution meets the guidelines of the district-wide policies and procedures. 

orgLib's student records do NOT meet the definition of Education Record defined by The U.S. Department of Education 

orgLib's identification records do NOT meet the definition of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) defined by The U.S. Department of Education 

For more information on the U.S. Department of Education guidlines for school on the use, storage and security of data generated by Online Educational Services, please visit the U.S. Department of Education guidlines's Web site at: 
Student Privacy and Online Educational Services February 2014 at ptac.ed.gov


Our Commitment to The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)

Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information and contents from users other than comments which are private. The site is structured to be an educational site and its contents can be consumed by all ages because the educational math contents provided in the site are appropriate for all ages.

Since we do NOT collect personnel data from students such as full name, age, address, email, etc... we are not obtaining parental consent when the students are consuming tests. The test can be consumed under GUEST mode which is anonymous or under GROUP mode which requires using any text string as a user ID that teachers wish to use to identify the student. We recommend teachers to use numeric ID as User ID, see Take Test Form

We advise teachers to notify parents that their kids are using orgLib as a math online tool in the classrooms so they can see what information is collected and how it will be used. Only under GROUP mode the student test results can be shared by the teacher with parents via email, where parents can see which user ID was used for their kid during the test consumption and can request the teacher to change it if they wish. 

For more information about FERPA, please visit the Family Policy Compliance Office's Web site at www.ed.gov/fpco

Our Commitment to Student's privacy

orgLib's data do NOT flow and move to any other systems, orgLib is the sole owner of the its data which are used only as a personal memory aid, and are not accessible or revealed to any other person, organization or system

orgLib is NOT in the business of selling education data (students and teachers data)
orgLib is NOT in the business of mining students' data based on emails because orgLib does NOT collect student emails
orgLib is NOT in the business of big data since its data does NOT add values to personnel learning-education data
orgLib is NOT in the business of sharing education data
orgLib is NOT in the business of social networking. No follow us. No like us
orgLib is advertising-free and Commercial-Free 

orgLib has signed the Student Privacy Pledge to commit to the responsible handling of student information 

Our Commitment to Data Security

To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

How to Access or Correct Your Information

We will provide you with the means to ensure that personally identifiable information in your web account file is correct and current. You may review this information by contacting us by sending an email to our support attendant support@orglib.com To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.

How to Contact Us

If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Statement and/or our general practices, please contact us via e-mail at privacy@orglib.com

Policy Changes

From time to time our Privacy Policy will change. orgLib will notify users of any change to our Privacy Policy by posting the revised Privacy Policy with an updated date of revision on our Website. If we make any significant changes to the policy these will be called out with a short notice of the revision posted on the Website homepage. We may also contact Users and notify them of the changes if required by law. 

We stand behind the promises we make, and will not change how we use any personal information we have already collected from Users in any material way without also providing notice of the change via email, through this website, or through other means, and obtaining consent to any new uses. We take the information you provide to us very seriously, and we strive to put you in control of decisions around your information.
